well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
whole mask thing
because there's a discussion about
whether or not it's okay
for governments or private entities
to tell you to wear a mask when you go
to certain places
the organizations that are demanding in
some cases
asking in others for you to wear a mask
logic is that yeah it was okay before
but now
you have something in your body maybe
you have something in your body
that could prove harmful to other people
therefore you have to alter your
behavior
seems pretty simple this isn't a new
concept
a few months ago and get up in the
morning
grab your keys get in your car drive to
the grocery store
walk inside make your purchase and walk
out
things have changed a little bit you may
have something in your body that poses a
risk to other people so now you grab
your keys
get in your car drive to the grocery
store put your mask on walk inside make
your purchase and walk out
okay for some reason that's a problem
like it's new that the idea of having
something in your body
requires your behavior to change
a couple of months ago if i had decided
that
i was going to wake up in the morning
and
down a fifth then grab my keys
and go to the grocery store i'm willing
to bet most people would say that was
wrong
why you can't prove that i would hurt
somebody
i mean you know even even if i was over
the limit you just have likelihoods
statistics stuff like that there's no
way you could prove that me
i was gonna hurt anybody especially if i
won't take the test
it's not a new concept
not wearing a mask is driving well
impaired
if you have the ability if you have a
mask available
if you're in an area that is
exposed that's pretty much everywhere
now
yeah you should and you shouldn't need
an order to tell you that it's common
sense it's common decency
to want to protect your neighbors now
the idea behind this is you know i have
a constitutional right
to not wear a mask that's not a thing
okay that's just completely made up
that's
that's not real um
the other thing is that it's it's the
beginning of tyranny
them forcing us to do this it's it's
tyranny
because there's a long history of
authoritarian tyrannical regimes
that want their citizens to be
unidentifiable it doesn't even make
sense
it doesn't even make sense that's a
whole lot like
you know the trump crew coming out and
saying well it's gonna magically
disappear
you know uh after the election but uh
in the meantime i'm gonna go ahead and
take this magical cure i've been hawking
because i'm a snake oil salesman
which is it is it overblown and not a
threat and we should reopen
is it a hoax or
should he be taking the pills
which is it see anytime an ideology
requires you and trumpism is now an
ideology
you're not republicans anymore
anytime an ideology requires you to
embrace two conflicting things
and accept them both as truth simply
because dear
leader said so that's the road
to authoritarianism that's the road to
tyranny
because if they can get you to do that
and they have with a lot of people
you can justify anything yeah this is
morally and ethically wrong but
we have to do it no that's not how it
works
you need to uh take a hard look
at the many different ways
that trump induces his base his
followers
to embrace ideas that are in direct
contradiction to each other
it seems almost intentional methodically
that he's trying to condition them to
accept whatever he says
if you could pose a risk to others yeah
wear a mask yeah
you don't need an order to tell you that
you know it's the right thing to do just
do it exercise some social
responsibility
and as far as the other stuff goes
really think about the logic
of the ideas that the trump crew is
presenting
there's a reason it doesn't make any
sense
it's because what they're saying isn't
true
anyway it's just a thought
y'all uh y'all have a good night